This is the VisitViet team that developed Da Nang's restaurant recommendation website.
First of all, the table of contents is
It consists of project overview, project details, project demonstration, and progress.

This is a project overview.
During the COVID-19 period, the number of Vietnamese tourists has decreased rapidly, but has recently increased sharply again.
This year alone, 11.2 million tourists visited Vietnam.
Among them, Koreans account for the largest portion with 3.2 million.
You can see that there are so many Vietnamese tourists, including Koreans.

With the development of the Internet and the travel industry, there is a lot of information on overseas restaurants provided by various platforms, including SNS.
But sometimes, too much information makes it difficult for us to judge.

Therefore, we decided to recommend restaurants customized to individuals.

This is the project details.
First, if you look at the system structure diagram, there are membership registration and login functions
Home, Favorite, Schedule, and Setting There are four pages in total and the functions of that page.
We will take a closer look at these functions later.

This is a youth case diagram.
The user signs up and logs in
You can recommend restaurants in two ways, user-based and content-based, and inquire about information about them.
If you like that restaurant, you can add, inquire, and delete your favorite restaurant, and you can also add, inquire, and delete schedules.

Let me show you the website screen.
The main page provides top 10 restaurants and user-based recommended restaurants.
This is a catalog page, which provides restaurants in various categories.
This is the restaurant page. It provides photos of the restaurant, its name, rating, address, price point, business hours, and has likes, schedule additions, and rating functions.
Below, similar restaurants are recommended as a content-based recommendation system.
This is the Favorite page. You can look up the restaurants that you like.
This is the Schedule page. You can look up and delete my schedules that you added.
This is the Setting page. I planned to offer it all for English, Korean, and Vietnamese, but now it's only available for Vietnamese.

It's an ER diagram.
The database consists of a total of nine attributes: Provider, Country, Type, Restaurant, Favorite, Rating, Image, Schedule, and User.

Datasets were collected by crawling from TripAdvisor.
It consists of restaurants' names, categories, introductions, business hours, URLs, prices, reviews, addresses, ratings, phone numbers, and photos.

A user-based recommendation system is to find a group of similar tastes and recommend items that users in the group they belong to have a good reputation for.
First, we created a user-item matrix and obtained the similarity between all users through cosine similarity.
In addition, we extracted the similarity between the target and the users, calculated the expected evaluation value for items that the target did not evaluate, and recommended those with higher values.

The content-based recommendation method directly analyzes the content of the item and analyzes the similarity between the item and the item
It is a method of selecting items with high similarity values and recommending items to customers based on them. 
Among the attributes of the items we collected, we implemented a function that recommends similarity between restaurants by weighting the category, which is structural data, and the review, which is unstructured data, of 0.2 and 0.8, respectively.
For the review, the TF-IDF was used as text data to extract keywords from each text, and then the similarity was calculated by comparing keywords between items using cosine similarity. 
The result value for this was recommended as a related restaurant on the detailed page of one restaurant. 

Then I'll show you the demo video.

It's a process of progress.
We made a project plan from 10.19 to 11.12 and collected data from 11.13 to 11.18.
Since then, the recommended algorithm has been developed from 11.19 to 12.09, and the web has been developed and modified from 12.10 to 01.03
The development environment is as follows.

Thank you very much for your attention.